README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

🔐🍭 ↣ Adding new frontend components for DAO in #18

README.md, after:

# sytizen-unity
[![.github/workflows/moralis.yml](https://github.com/Signal-K/sytizen/actions/workflows/moralis.yml/badge.svg?branch=ansible)](https://github.com/Signal-K/sytizen/actions/workflows/moralis.yml) <br />
Citizen Science (Sci-tizen) visualisation in the Unity.com engine 


Check out our compass [here](http://ar.skinetics.tech/stellarios/compass) for more information about this product

<!--
Move `/server` into a separate submodule (or `styizen` into a submodule in another repo)
Add react config (for frontend framework) to react, then move it into `signal-k/polygon`
-->

## Trader branch
This branch contains a connection between Supabase (our current hosting platform for this backend) and the rest our our Notebooks & API. Everything else has been stripped out of this branch.

Run `python3 -m venv .venv` to get started.

Note: Start integrating in API from signal-k/polygon

### Planti branch
Stripping everything out (e.g. `Ansible`/`Generator`) and just leaving the initial dashboard/game frontend. We'll merge it back with `Trader` later
