Server/README.md, before:

# Containerisation for local development

In this folder, `Dockerfile` runs the Flask Server in a container.

The `docker-compose.yml` defines a cluster with the Server and a local PostgreSQL container

For convenience, a Makefile supports the following simple operations:

* `make build` builds an image from the current working copy
* `make run` starts the cluster, rebuilding if necessary
* `make logs` tails the logs for both containers
* `make stop` stops and deletes the clusters

For rapid iteration, I use:
`make stop run logs`

## Prerequisites

You will need to have a Docker environment available... Docker Desktop or an equivalent

## Previous Issues

### ThirdWeb

The build step (`make build`) fails whilst running `pipenv install` during the build of the Docker image.

`thirdweb-sdk` caused errors on `pipenv install`. The output was long and ugly; but a resolution has been found.
The problem was the use of the `slim-` base image.  Switching from `p`ython:3.9.9-slim-bullseye` to `python:3.9.9-bullseye` avoided the problem.

### Ventura - Flask default port 5000

Flask runs by default on port 5000.  However, on macos Ventura, there is a system service "Airplay Receiver" listening on this port.

In this case, `localhost:5000` does not reach the Flask app, although `127.0.0.1:5000` does.

The easiest solution is to turn off the Airplay Receiver service; an alternative is to run Flask on a different port... perhaps 7355 for TESS?

[Here's a full discussion of the issue](https://blog.yimingliu.com/2023/01/01/cannot-connect-to-flask-development-server-on-localhost-port-5000/).

## Current Issue

The server responds to `http://localhost:5000` with a classic "Hello World"

Several of the blueprints in `app.py` are commented out since they have dependencies on ThirdWeb

# Next Steps

* Database schema for local development

Commit message:

👷 Include a Client container in docker compose

Server/README.md, after:

# Containerisation for local development

In this folder, `Dockerfile` runs the Flask Server in a container.

The `docker-compose.yml` defines a cluster with the Server and a local PostgreSQL container.
It also runs as well as a client, assuming that the client is in `../client` from this location.

For convenience, a Makefile supports the following simple operations:

* `make build` builds an image from the current working copy
* `make run` starts the cluster, rebuilding if necessary
* `make logs` tails the logs for both containers
* `make stop` stops and deletes the clusters

For rapid iteration, I use:
`make stop run logs`

## Prerequisites

You will need to have a Docker environment available... Docker Desktop or an equivalent

## Previous Issues

### ThirdWeb

The build step (`make build`) fails whilst running `pipenv install` during the build of the Docker image.

`thirdweb-sdk` caused errors on `pipenv install`. The output was long and ugly; but a resolution has been found.
The problem was the use of the `slim-` base image.  Switching from `p`ython:3.9.9-slim-bullseye` to `python:3.9.9-bullseye` avoided the problem.

### Ventura - Flask default port 5000

Flask runs by default on port 5000.  However, on macOS Ventura, there is a system service "Airplay Receiver" listening on this port.

In this case, `localhost:5000` does not reach the Flask app, although `127.0.0.1:5000` does.

The easiest solution is to turn off the Airplay Receiver service; an alternative is to run Flask on a different port... perhaps 7355 for TESS?

[Here's a full discussion of the issue](https://blog.yimingliu.com/2023/01/01/cannot-connect-to-flask-development-server-on-localhost-port-5000/).

### Supabase, local

Following the guidance [here](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/self-hosting/docker) I was able to get Supabase running locally.

```
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/supabase/supabase
cd supabase/docker
cp .env.example .env
docker compose up
```

However, the vanilla installation is complicated, unconfigured and potentially of limited utility.


## Current Issue

The server responds to `http://localhost:5000` with a classic "Hello World"

Several of the blueprints in `app.py` are commented out since they have dependencies on ThirdWeb

# Next Steps

* Database schema for local development
